[('6', {'title': 'Bugs Bunny and the Three Bears', 'description': 'The Three Bears are hungry and want something to eat, and plan on luring Goldilocks to them with porridge. They find, however, that all they have is carrots, so they make carrot soup instead. The family then pretends to go on a walk through the woods, but quickly comes back to hide in the house and wait for Goldilocks to arrive. The aroma of the carrot soup literally brings Bugs Bunny out of his rabbit hole and into the Bears\' home. A plot derived from that of the traditional Goldilocks and the Three Bears story unfolds, with Bugs Bunny as the unwitting guest in the home of the three bears.\nBugs Bunny eats the Bears\' soup and goes to sleep in Junior\'s bed. The Bears attack Bugs, but he manages to escape and is seen standing next to Papa Bear\'s bed watching the Bears\' fight. When Mama Bear approaches him with her fists raised, Bugs flatters her and tells her that she\'s beautiful, giving her a kiss before he flees. Mama Bear stops Papa Bear and Junior from chasing Bugs, and becomes amorous towards the rabbit, asking him to "Tell me more about my eyes!"\nBugs tries to ward off Mama Bear and attempts to flee the house, opening three doors that reveal Mama Bear in three different seductive poses (in a see-through nightgown, talking on the phone, then in a dress & blonde wig, smoking a cigarette, then in a bathtub). Bugs finally crashes through a wall and runs back into his hole. But Mama Bear (unseen) is in the hole and gives Bugs numerous kisses. Bugs comes up out of his hole with his face covered in lipstick kisses and runs away screaming, while Mama Bear also comes up, looking pleased with her make-out session.', 'BM25': 3, 'Semantic': 7, 'rrf': 0.030798389007344232}), ('10', {'title': "The Berenstain Bears' Christmas Tree", 'description': "It is Christmas Eve in Bear Country and the Bear Family is decorating for Christmas. Now the only thing they need is the tree. Mama suggests Papa and the cubs to get a tree from Grizzly Gus' lot, but she reminds them to return home as soon as they can since a snowstorm is likely. Papa, however, decides to go out into the mountains to find the right tree for them. The first tree they find is in good shape, but unfortunately, it is home to a skunk, some squirrels, a grouse, a chipmunk, and twenty-six crows.\nPapa and the cubs find another tree on a cliff. But it is the home to an eagle, a hawk, a wolf, and an snowy owl who aren't too pleased that Papa wants to chop their tree down either. After narrowly avoiding the eagle's attack, the bears continue on through the mountains, despite the fact that it is now snowing heavily.\nAfter climbing their way through the snow-covered mountains, Papa and the cubs find a third perfect-looking tree. This time, however, Papa takes a good look at the tree and sees a little window on the trunk. Inside, there is a family of snowbirds decorating a small twig like a Christmas tree. Touched by this, Papa decides not to chop the birds' tree down and tells Brother and Sister that Christmas is the time to be thinking of family and friends. They then go back down the mountain to the tree lot, only to find that every last tree has been sold. They are all sad about this until they find that their tree house has been decorated by all the animals they met on their way as their act of kindness, delighting all the bears in town.", 'BM25': 13, 'Semantic': 1, 'rrf': 0.03009207275993712}), ('7', {'title': 'Care Bears Movie II: A New Generation', 'description': 'Aboard their boat, a yellow bear and a purple horse look after the baby animals known as the Care Bear Cubs and Care Bear Cousin Cubs. On the way, a red sea serpent threatens them\\u2014one of the many forms of Dark Heart, an evil spirit. They escape by following a rainbow up to the sky, while the boat transforms into the Cloud Clipper. There, the Great Wishing Star gives the group their "tummy symbols", pictures that indicate each creature\'s role or specialty. True Heart Bear and Noble Heart Horse, as the characters are named, become founders of the Kingdom of Caring, a land which comprises Care-a-Lot and the Forest of Feelings.\nFor the Bears\' first Caring Mission, True Heart and stowaway Swift Heart Rabbit (one of the Cousins) travel to Earth and visit a summer camp. There, they meet three of its participants: a girl named Christy, and her friends, the twins John and Dawn. A boastful boy nicknamed the "Camp Champ" always defeats them in competitions, and assigns them to trash duty. Christy is unsatisfied at this; she and her friends run away, only to get lost in the woods. True Heart soon finds John and Dawn, and brings them to the Kingdom of Caring. After they arrive, the children hear a bell toll from the Caring Meter, which tells the Bears how much caring is taking place on Earth. Noble Heart and True Heart tell them to babysit the Cubs, before they leave to search for Dark Heart and Christy.\nMeanwhile, in the woods, Christy meets Dark Heart (as a human boy) for the first time, and asks him to make her the new Camp Champ. He grants her that wish, telling her she must pay him back with one favor, and heads away while she rejoins her friends. Aware of Dark Heart\'s potential, True Heart and Noble Heart move the Bear Cubs to Care-a-Lot, and the Cousin Cubs to the Forest of Feelings. Both sets quickly grow up to become the Care Bear Family.\nLater, while the Bears prepare a party for the Kingdom\'s founders, Dark Heart enters Care-a-Lot in disguise so that he can capture the whole Family. A cluster of Star Buddies, assistants to the Bears and Great Wishing Star, drives him off; he then morphs into a raging red cloud. The Bears shoot light at him from their bellies, forming their "Care Bear Stare"; the Cousins also help by using their "Care Cousin Call". Afterward, True Heart and Noble Heart decide to search for him, and leave the Bears to handle missions all by themselves.\nDuring their patrol, Wish Bear spots Christy stranded in a canoe within a lake; the other Bears and Cousins set out to rescue her. Dark Heart fires lightning bolts before the team, and captures many of them with his magic bag\\u2014 the favor he wanted Christy to do all along. The few Family members at hand determine that she has teamed up with him. This prompts Tenderheart Bear to hold a conference at the Hall of Hearts; Friend Bear, Secret Bear and Christy\'s friends later join them.\nThat night, Dark Heart\'s influence causes the other children to wreck the camp. The Bears and Cousins search for the Family members, before Dark Heart imprisons them\\u2014first in cages, then inside big rubies hanging from a chandelier. Meanwhile, John and Dawn tell Christy of their conviction to rescue the Family from the villain. Feeling guilty, she finally pays him back by admitting what she has done. Despite this, her bargain with Dark Heart is over.\nTrue Heart, Noble Heart, John and Dawn enter Dark Heart\'s lair amid his impending deed; Christy asks him to free the others. While True Heart and Noble Heart enact their Stare, lightning from his cloud strikes Christy, who screams in fear and gets strucked and wounded. With little energy left in her, she crashes down the chandelier with a marble. The Family members, finally free from the rubies, help True Heart and Noble Heart out.\nAt the sight of a dead Christy, Dark Heart becomes remorseful for his actions. He asks the Care Bears to bring her back to life, but is disappointed that their kindness is not even enough. So he, the Family, John and Dawn chant "We care!" enough times to bring her back to life. Soon after, the group quickly leaves the cave as it transforms into an outhouse.\nDark Heart becomes a real boy, and everyone is overjoyed. After a swim in the lake, the campers say goodbye to the Bears and Cousins; the former Dark Heart promises to be a better person at camp. The film ends with a message from its narrator, the Great Wishing Star, and flashbacks of the Care Bear Family\'s childhood.', 'BM25': 1, 'Semantic': 16, 'rrf': 0.029551337359792925}), ('5', {'title': 'Paddington', 'description': "Deep in the rainforests of Peru, a young bear lives peacefully with his Aunt Lucy and Uncle Pastuzo, who have taught him about the legendary explorer Montgomery Clyde and his stories of London, where bears are supposedly welcomed with open arms. When an earthquake destroys their home and Uncle Pastuzo is killed, Aunt Lucy decides to send the young bear to London to find a new life, armed only with a suitcase, a jar of marmalade, and a tag around his neck that reads 'Please look after this bear. Thank you.'\n\nArriving at London's busy Paddington Station, the bear finds himself lost, confused, and ignored by the bustling commuters who seem too busy to notice a talking bear in need of help. Just when his situation seems hopeless, he encounters the Brown family - Henry, Mary, and their children Judy and Jonathan - who take pity on the polite but accident-prone bear. While Mary and the children are charmed by his good manners and stories of Peru, the anxious Henry is reluctant to let a wild animal stay in their home, especially one who seems to attract chaos wherever he goes.\n\nNamed Paddington after the station where they found him, the bear tries his best to fit into London life while searching for the explorer Montgomery Clyde, whom he believes will help him find a permanent home. However, his well-meaning attempts to help around the house and integrate into British society often result in hilarious disasters, from flooding the bathroom to accidentally dyeing the laundry pink. Meanwhile, the sinister taxidermist Millicent Clyde, Montgomery's daughter, discovers Paddington's existence and becomes obsessed with adding him to her collection of stuffed animals. As Paddington faces this deadly threat, he learns that home isn't just a place - it's about the people who care about you and accept you for who you are.", 'BM25': 26, 'Semantic': 2, 'rrf': 0.0277569392348087}), ('0', {'title': 'Monsters in the Woods', 'description': 'Low budget filmmaker JAYSON (Glenn Plummer) has made the movie of his dreams but to his dismay, it cant sell in Hollywood. The distributors tell him, You have nothing exploitative in your movie. Add some sex scenes, more violence, and maybe well buy your film. The distraught filmmaker approaches his neophyte, semi-psychotic producer BRAVO (Blaine Cade) and tells him, Put together a cast and crew were going to re-shoot and give them what they want! Bravo nervously tells him, Were out of money. Jayson screams at him, I dont care. Do WHATEVER you have to do!Bravo enlists a young movie crew to follow them into the remote backwoods of the Great Bear Mountains by telling them, Theres no money, but when we sell this, youll all get a big piece of the profits for your efforts and great craft service! Various B movie actors, including stuntman BURT (Edward Hendershott) and his gorgeous wannabe actress girlfriend ASHLEY (Linda Bella), join them as Jayson has promised her a role in the movie. After a series of behind-the-scenes interviews of this quirky bunch, they begin filming. Jayson is accidentally killed by his inept crew, and in the midst of all the confusion, Bravo strangely convinces them to finish the movie. They reluctantly agree but soon after are attacked by an unrelenting swarm of deadly devil dogs from Hell. Burt, Ashley, and Bravo briefly escape the danger as they are rescued by two angels sent from Heaven to battle the monsters. Unknown to them all, Bravo has made a pact with the Devil to provide twelve souls (theirs) in order to get the movie made. Mayhem ensues as the survivors attempt to kill the demons and close the entrance to Hell before the whole Earth is consumed by evil!', 'BM25': 2, 'Semantic': 29, 'rrf': 0.02736498731424429}), ('3', {'title': 'Care Bears Nutcracker Suite', 'description': 'At a school called P.S. 5, a teacher named Miss Walker tells some children a version of E. T. A. Hoffmann\'s The Nutcracker and the Mouse King, involving the Care Bear Family. As the story begins, the Care Bears and their Cousins prepare for Christmas in their home of Care-a-lot; the two youngest bears, Hugs and Tugs, are searching for an ornament. While the others spend time in the Hall of Hearts decorating a tree, another bear called Funshine suddenly alerts them of an unhappy girl named Anna. Enlisting Grumpy Bear to go along, she takes a Cloud Mobile down to Earth.\nWhen the two bears visit Anna, they learn that her past friend Sharon has moved, and her brother Peter is fond of acting as a pirate. As they talk about the virtues of friendship, a burst of light startles them. Eventually, a tall wooden soldier called the Nutcracker emerges from a black portal, along with a band of rats (led by the Rat King) who are after him. When the group hides from their foes, the soldier recollects his memory and explains that he arrived from a place called Toyland; the rodents work for an evil Vizier who is plotting to conquer and destroy that land.\nSoon, Funshine and Grumpy send out beams of light from their stomach, sending a "Care Bear Stare" to their assistants in Care-a-lot; Lotsa Heart Elephant, Brave Heart Lion and Tenderheart Bear (along with stowaway Hugs and Tugs) later join them. The baby bears are asked to stay behind with Peter, but those three venture into Toyland nonetheless.\nAt his castle, the Vizier wants to know the whereabouts of a powerful ring worn by Toyland\'s former Prince, so that he can control the place. His captive, a small creature called the Sugar Plum Fairy, refuses to tell him; he is more outraged when the Rat King arrives without the Nutcracker. The Vizier soon takes notice when the soldier and his friends enter Toyland, and take a train through its various sights.\nWhen they stop for the night, the friends contend with a group of toy jesters who also want the train, but advise them to leave Toyland. One of them later explains how they tried to save their land, after the Vizier and the rats overthrew its Prince and captured his castle. To make sure the Vizier never got it, the Fairy hid the Prince\'s ring away from view. The Nutcracker is determined to end the Vizier, despite the rats\' barricade.\nUpon reaching the castle by raft, the group secretly sneaks inside and frees the Sugar Plum Fairy. With her help, the Bears and Cousins try to get a walnut containing the ring, but the Vizier seizes it and turns them into firewood. This leaves Peter, Hugs and Tugs to fight with the rats for the item. Soon, the Fairy saves it from the Vizier, and when the Nutcracker wears it on his finger, he turns back into the Prince of Toyland. The Bears and Cousins break free from the ruler\'s spell, and use their Stare on the villains to save the place. Afterward, they and the humans say good-bye to the Prince; as Anna returns, she realises it was a dream and wakes up to meet a new neighbour, Alan Prince, who looks exactly like the Prince in Anna\'s dream.\nWhen Miss Walker finishes her tale, one of the children wants to ask what happened to Anna. Suddenly a grownup Alan appears at the door. As he and the teacher, now revealed to be Anna, leave the stage together, the other children start rehearsing Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky\'s ballet. Unknown to all of them, the Care Bear Family has been listening all along.', 'BM25': 19, 'Semantic': 9, 'rrf': 0.02715098147128967}), ('1', {'title': 'An Unfinished Life', 'description': 'One year ago, a wild bear stole a calf from Mitch (Morgan Freeman) and Einar\\u2019s (Robert Redford) ranch. The two friends attempted to save the calf, but the bear viciously attacked Mitch \\u2014 and because Einar was drunk, he failed to save him from serious injury. The bear escaped into the mountains.\nA year later, Mitch\\u2019s wounds still cause him constant pain. Einar cares for Mitch daily, giving him morphine injections, food and friendship. He leans his guilt on emotional crutches, while Mitch struggles to walk with a cane. The bear later returns to forage for food in town \\u2014 and around the same time, Einar\\u2019s long-lost daughter-in-law Jean (Jennifer Lopez) shows up on his doorstep.\nSheriff Crane Curtis (Josh Lucas) captures the bear and displays him in the town zoo. Jean and her daughter Griff (Becca Gardner) move in with Einar and Mitch. Einar\\u2019s son, Griffin, had moved away and married Jean years ago, causing a rift in the family that snapped when Griffin died in a car accident. Tension mounts between Einar and Jean because both are still grieving for Griffin.\nSince Griffin died, Jean has fallen into a series of abusive relationships. She moved in with Einar to escape her latest abusive boyfriend, Gary (Damian Lewis), but like the bear, her past will return to haunt her. Jean slowly falls in love with Sheriff Curtis, but little Griff can\\u2019t open up to him or trust him because of Jean\\u2019s bad experiences.\nJean starts working at a local coffee shop. There she befriends Nina, another waitress (Camryn Manheim), who helps her understand Einar\\u2019s gruff ways and dark past.\nTensions in the family continue to build. One night, Gary arrives to harass Jean and Griff. He and Einar have an explosive confrontation that pushes Einar to the brink.\nEinar returns to the ranch and demands that Jean tells him how Griffin died. Jean says they flipped a coin to determine who would drive \\u2014 she lost. At 3 a.m., the two tired souls set out for the last leg of their trip. Jean fell asleep at the wheel. The car flipped six times. Griffin died, but Jean survived and discovered she was pregnant with Griff. When he learns the truth about why his son was ripped from him too soon, Einar says they\\u2019ll have to talk about Jean moving out. Jean says she\\u2019s through talking. The next morning she takes Griff with her and leaves to stay with Nina. Griff, who loves her grandfather as the first strong male figure in her life, runs back to the ranch alone. Einar and Mitch teach her to be a real Wyoming cowgirl.\nEinar meets Jean at the diner and invites her to come back and live with him and Griff after a camping trip. The camping trip is cover for carrying out a request from Mitch to set the bear who handicapped him free. The plan does not go off without a hitch as Griff accidentally knocks the gearshift lever into neutral while Einar is luring the bear into the cage, freeing the bear who attacks Einar. Griff drives Einar to the hospital, where he and Jean attempt to reconcile. Back at the ranch, Mitch survives a peaceful confrontation with the bear from his past. It flees to the mountains where it belongs.\nGary makes one last attempt to drag Jean and Griff back \\u201chome\\u201d; this ends with Einar beating him up and tossing him on a bus out of town. In the final scene, Einar affectionately talks with one of his cats, who throughout the whole story he coldly ignored. Griff then invites Sheriff Curtis for lunch. All is well as Mitch narrates the last seconds of the story, describing to Einar, his dreams of flying above the earth and coming to understand things about life.', 'BM25': 25, 'Semantic': 5, 'rrf': 0.027149321266968326}), ('4', {'title': 'The Country Bears', 'description': "Beary Barrington is a young bear who has been raised by a human family and struggles with his identity, feeling like he doesn't quite fit in anywhere. When he discovers that his beloved Country Bear Hall - the legendary venue where the famous Country Bears band used to perform - is about to be demolished to make way for a shopping mall, Beary decides he must do something to save this important piece of bear culture and history. Despite his family's concerns, he sets out on a cross-country adventure to reunite the disbanded Country Bears for one final concert that could raise enough money to save their hall.\n\nBeary's quest takes him on a journey to track down each member of the original Country Bears band, who have all gone their separate ways since their breakup years ago. He finds Big Al working as a wedding singer, Zeb living as a hermit in the swamp, Ted working in an office, and Fred running a restaurant. Each bear has their own reasons for leaving the music business behind, and Beary must convince them that their music still matters and that Country Bear Hall is worth fighting for. Along the way, he learns about the band's history, their rise to fame, and the personal conflicts that led to their dissolution.\n\nAs Beary brings the band back together, they face numerous obstacles including their own personal demons, a villainous banker who wants to destroy the hall, and the challenge of remembering how to work as a team after years apart. The reunion concert becomes more than just a fundraiser - it becomes a celebration of friendship, family, and the power of music to bring people (and bears) together. Through his adventure, Beary discovers his own identity and learns that being different doesn't mean you don't belong, while the Country Bears rediscover their passion for music and their bond as a family of performers.", 'BM25': 7, 'Semantic': 22, 'rrf': 0.02712049508554787}), ('3', {'title': 'The Bear', 'description': "Tilly is a young girl who treasures her beloved teddy bear above all other possessions, carrying it with her everywhere she goes and finding comfort in its soft, familiar presence. During a family visit to the local zoo, Tilly becomes fascinated by the polar bear exhibit, watching in wonder as the magnificent white bear moves gracefully through its enclosure. In her excitement to get a better look at the polar bear, Tilly accidentally drops her precious teddy bear through the barrier and into the polar bear's habitat, where it lands just out of reach on the other side of the enclosure.\n\nDevastated by the loss of her cherished companion, Tilly tries everything she can think of to retrieve her teddy bear, but the zookeepers explain that it's too dangerous to enter the polar bear enclosure and that her toy is lost forever. That night, Tilly goes to bed heartbroken, unable to sleep without her faithful teddy bear by her side. However, her sadness turns to amazement when she awakens to find the real polar bear from the zoo standing in her bedroom, gently holding her teddy bear in its massive paws.\n\nThe polar bear, who has somehow traveled from the zoo to Tilly's home, carefully returns the teddy bear to its rightful owner, creating a magical moment of connection between the little girl and the wild animal. This extraordinary encounter teaches Tilly about kindness, empathy, and the unexpected ways that friendship can bridge the gap between different worlds. The gentle polar bear's act of returning the lost toy becomes a beautiful lesson about caring for others and the special bonds that can form between humans and animals, even in the most unlikely circumstances. The short film celebrates the power of compassion and the magic that can happen when we show kindness to all living creatures.", 'BM25': 17, 'Semantic': 17, 'rrf': 0.025974025974025976}), ('8', {'title': 'Alaska', 'description': "Thirteen-year-old Jessie Barnes and her younger brother Sean are devastated when their father Jake, a bush pilot, goes missing during a routine flight over the Alaskan wilderness. When the official search and rescue operation is called off after several days, the determined siblings decide to take matters into their own hands and search for their father themselves. Using their father's backup plane and Sean's impressive piloting skills learned from years of watching Jake, they embark on a dangerous mission into the vast and unforgiving Alaskan landscape.\n\nDuring their search, Jessie and Sean encounter Cubby, an orphaned polar bear cub who has been separated from his mother and is being pursued by ruthless poachers Perry and Koontz. The poachers are part of an illegal wildlife trafficking operation that captures and sells exotic animals to private collectors and black market dealers. Despite the added danger and responsibility, the siblings decide to protect the vulnerable cub, forming an unlikely bond with the young bear as they continue their search for their missing father.\n\nAs they navigate through treacherous mountain terrain, harsh weather conditions, and the constant threat of the armed poachers, Jessie and Sean must rely on their survival skills, their love for each other, and their determination to reunite their family. The polar bear cub becomes both a companion and a symbol of hope, reminding them of the importance of family bonds and the need to protect the innocent. Their adventure becomes a test of courage, resourcefulness, and the unbreakable connection between siblings, while also highlighting the beauty and danger of Alaska's wilderness and the ongoing threat that poaching poses to endangered wildlife.", 'BM25': 34, 'Semantic': 6, 'rrf': 0.02578981302385558}), ('3', {'title': 'The Great Outdoors', 'description': 'Chicagoans Chet Ripley, his wife Connie, and their sons Buck and Ben arrive at their rented lakefront cabin in Pechoggin, Wisconsin, for a summer vacation. To Chet\'s dismay, Connie\'s sister Kate, her investment broker husband Roman Craig, and their twin daughters Mara and Cara arrive uninvited. Roman flaunts his wealth, cooking lobster in place of Chet\'s traditional hot dogs. After dinner, Chet tells the story of a legendary man-eating grizzly bear in the area that attacked him. He claims he used a shotgun to protect himself and the buckshot shaved the top of the bear\'s head. The following day, tensions rise after Roman rents a speedboat and pulls Chet around the lake on water skis unplanned. Meanwhile, Buck romances a local girl named Cammie, but fails to keep a date with her after Chet is challenged by Roman to eat The \'96er, a 96-ounce steak. Buck tries to apologize, but Cammie refuses to speak to him. Connie learns that Kate is unhappy in her marriage despite Roman\'s wealth. That night, a bat enters the cabin, causing Chet and Roman to work together to remove it, and tensions escalate, causing Roman and his family to leave. Before they depart, Roman reveals that he overheard a conversation between Chet and their father-in-law describing how they think Roman is a crooked businessman. Roman reveals that he came to the cabin to offer Chet a $25,000 investment opportunity. Feeling guilty, Chet agrees to write Roman a check. The families say their goodbyes, and Roman and his family leave. Kate praises Roman for including Chet in the investment, noting that $25,000 is a lot of money for Chet\'s family. Roman returns to the cabin and confesses that he is bankrupt from failed investments and was planning to use the money in the hopes to financially recover. During a thunderstorm, Kate discovers that the twins are missing. Chet and Roman find them at the bottom of an abandoned mine shaft, but the claustrophobic Roman is afraid to descend. After some encouragement from Chet, Roman climbs down into the mine, finds his daughters, and escapes the shaft. Upon returning, Chet is horrified to discover the "Bald-Headed Bear" lurking in the mine. It chases him back to the cabin, smashes through the door, and rampages through the house. Cabin owner Wally bursts in with a loaded shotgun lamp while Roman tries to hold off the bear. Chet shoots the bear, blowing the fur off its rear, and the bear runs out of the house. The next morning, the families part on amicable terms. Cammie accepts Buck\'s apology, and they end their brief romance. To Chet\'s dismay, Connie reveals that she invited the Craigs to stay with them until they can recover. The Ripleys return to Chicago as Chet plans to beat Roman home. During the end credits, Chet, Connie, Roman, Kate, and Wally dance to "Land of a Thousand Dances" in a bar. In the post-credits scene, the raccoon family (who rummaged through the trash cans throughout the film) talk in their language about what happened to "Jody" and state that she is "bald on both ends now".', 'BM25': 14, 'Semantic': 23, 'rrf': 0.025561706284597852}), ('8', {'title': 'A Bear for Punishment', 'description': 'The film begins with the bear family sleeping peacefully at home, when suddenly, the alarms of dozens of clocks located on Junyer Bear\'s table go off. Papa Bear wakes up completely and runs to try to turn them off. Junyer excitedly wakes up and exclaims: "Oh, boy! At last the great day has come at last! Oh, boy!" Papa Bear asks how to stop the alarms, and his son simply shushes the clocks. Dad gets angry and smacks a clock in Junyer\'s face. Mom replies: "But, Henry ..." Henry shouts: "Well! What do you Want!?" To which Mom replies: "It\'s Father\'s Day, Dear."\nThen Mama Bear and Junyer Bear make several activities to please Papa Bear on his day, but only cause discomfort and misery, ending with a theatrical presentation in which there are three numbers, of which the latter involves a song called, Let\'s Give a Cheer for Father. This number ends with Mama Bear and Junyer Bear dressed as parents of the American homeland (George Washington and Abraham Lincoln respectively), who disguise Papa Bear as the Statue of Liberty and shoot fireworks, as an allegory of July 4th.', 'BM25': 16, 'Semantic': 25, 'rrf': 0.024922600619195046}), ('0', {'title': 'Black Point', 'description': 'Federal agents stake out Ketchikan Harbor, Alaska in an operation involving laundered money. Guns start blazing and some crooks are killed and some escape. A bomb goes off when the Feds are looking over a yacht.\nIn Black Point, Washington (state), John Hawkins is getting drunk in a bar. Still drinking from a bottle, he drives home, playing chicken with a truck which narrowly avoids him and then runs into a tree. This leads to the sheriff (Lisa) and her chief deputy (Fred) turning up at his log cabin with guns drawn in case of trouble though Lisa is an old friend of John\\u2019s. However this is next day and John has now sobered up. Lisa tells him he has two strikes against him and the next time he causes trouble he\\u2019ll be put away (under America\\u2019s Three Strikes law where a minor offense can lead to a long term of imprisonment). This leads to a contrite John jogging into town to the local docks where he passes a young couple who are moving into a riverside house they have rented.\nHe meets his friend Standing Bear who runs a fishing boat (and the Seahorse Cafe) who John has let down again in not turning up for work because of his binges. John is set to work and later delivers some fish in his banged up vehicle to the new couple. The husband (Gus) is out and the wife (Natalie) is having trouble with a water leak, which John fixes. As they are beginning to get friendly, Gus and some friends turn up so John leaves. He chucks away his booze stash when he gets home. Early next morning, he joins a hunting party with Standing Bear and some of his (Red) Indian friends.\nMalcolm rings Gus up. He\\u2019s the man behind the villains and is a nasty person. Gus tells him that the Feds just got some \\u201cdirty money\\u201d but he still has the clean money.. The gang leave in a motor launch. John is jogging again and rescues Natalie who has jumped into the water to drown herself. Taking her back to her place, he sees bruises on her body where Gus has beaten her up. Gus meanwhile kills his gang leader and gets the money back. John returns to his house late to meet Natalie there. They cook and eat a meal and talk about her husband Gus and things get more romantic and they end up in bed. Later she wanders into a nearby shack where John is sitting. All around are photos of a young girl. John reveals that it is his daughter Gabrielle, who was six when someone took her while out Christmas shopping two years ago. His wife later left him. After everyone else gave up on her, he is still looking for her. Natalie talks of them leaving together.\nLater, Natalie phones John that Gus and his cronies have turned up while she is packing. He rushes to her house and finds one of Gus\\u2019s men shoving her about. He attacks him and the other men and while one is accidentally shot by his friend, she shoots the other with a gun she stole from John the night they slept together. She then knocks John out and tapes his hands together, planning to kill him in the woods. John manages to escape and she thinks he fell over a cliff. Back at her house she then injures herself and makes it look like John is the guilty party before phoning the sheriff. The law turns up, then Gus turns up and it turns out that over $20,000 of jewelry is missing. Natalie who is in a local clinic tells Gus that \\u201cthe bag\\u201d which Eddie (one of the dead crooks) carried is gone. It had all the clean money in it. Natalie tells Lisa some lies, meanwhile Fred finds the gun belongs to Hawkins so she and he head to his cabin with other armed officers. Gus is informed that Hawkins is one of the men who took the money.\nGus and his cronies go to the caf\\u00e9 and give Standing Bear a good beating to get information about John. John (who we hear taught tactical training at a Military Academy) finds the beaten up friend and takes him to the clinic and is arrested when he leaves. Gus and Natalie are taken for a ride to see Malcolm who is busy torturing three men (nooses around the neck while standing on melting ice), one of whom he knows tipped the Feds off about the \\u201charbour drop\\u201d at the film\\u2019s start. Malcolm wants his three and a half million dollars of clean money back, or else. Gus hears that Hawkins has been arrested, which naturally shocks Natalie. John is saying nothing, and in return Natalie says he was not one of the people who robbed her. Lisa knows that she does not have the whole story as people are lying to her but with no other choice, she lets John go. He goes to see Bear who is recovering in the clinic and on leaving is met by two of Gus\\u2019s men who want to take him to meet Gus. He slaps them about some and before leaving tells them to tell Gus he\\u2019ll be at Flanagan\\u2019s (bar) at two o\\u2019clock.\nAt Flanagan\\u2019s he tells Gus he wants Natalie in exchange for the money, and that he\\u2019ll take him to the money. If anything happens to him though, a \\u201cfuck you\\u201d letter goes to the sheriff in an hour\\u2019s time. Gus stays with the car while two men follow him into the woods. He is having doubts over Natalie. In the woods, one of the men reaching for what he thinks is money puts his hand in a bear trap. John knocks the other out. Natalie now blames Malcolm, saying he set Gus up so he gets Natalie and the money. Gus sends Logan into the woods to kill John and heads off to Harbour Manor Inn to confront Malcolm. Logan fares badly and ends up in the hands of John, Bear and some Indian buddies. Malcolm\\u2019s tough guy image cuts no ice with Gus now and he shoots him and his two enforcers. Natalie escapes by car as Gus finds out too late that she is \\u201cplaying him\\u201d.\nJohn visits the Sea Vista Camp Grounds, closed for the winter and finds the bag of money there, then goes to the Inn where he finds the dead bodies and alerts Lisa by phone. Gus is tipped off by Fred who is paying him for tip offs about Gus, and Lisa finds the money gone. She goes to John\\u2019s cabin where Gus gets her and he is waiting when John arrives with the bag of money. But while Gus has a gun on him, John threatens to drop a lit lighter into the bag of money which is now soaked in petrol. He does and dives out of the window, taking a bullet as he did so. Gus shows him Natalie who is ready to be hanged, then he kicks the chair out from under her. The wounded John tackles him and they smash into a post which knocks down the cross beam Natalie is hung from. The wounded John is losing the fight against Gus when Natalie who has got free of the noose stabs him in the back, killing him. Lisa and Fred turn up, and Natalie decides to tell all. She goes to prison but John (now recovered) is going to wait for her. He decides to leave the area for a job interview in San Francisco. End.', 'BM25': 5, 'Semantic': 46, 'rrf': 0.024818577648766327}), ('0', {'title': 'Legends of the Fall', 'description': 'Sick of betrayals the United States government perpetrated on the Native Americans, Colonel William Ludlow leaves the army and moves to a remote part of Montana. Along with One Stab, a Cree friend, he builds a ranch and raises his family. Accompanying them are hired hand and outlaw Decker, Decker\'s wife, and daughter Isabel Two. Ludlow has three sons: Alfred, the eldest, is responsible and cautious; Tristan, the Colonel\'s favorite son, is wild and well-versed in American Indian traditions; Samuel, the youngest, is educated but naive and constantly watched over by his brothers.\nLudlow\'s wife Isabel does not adapt to the harsh Montana winters and moves to the East Coast; Tristan vows never to speak of her again. At age 12, Tristan touches a sleeping grizzly bear. The bear awakens and injures him, but he stabs at the bear\'s paw and cuts off a claw.\nYears later, Samuel returns from Harvard University with his fianc\\u00e9e, Susannah. Susannah talks with Isabel Two and learns of her fondness for Tristan. Susannah finds Tristan captivating but loves Samuel. Before they can marry, Samuel announces his intention to join the Canadian Expeditionary Force and aid Britain in the fight against Germany. Much to their father\'s displeasure, Alfred also joins. Although Tristan does not want to join, he does so to protect his brothers.\nDuring World War I, the brothers find themselves in the 10th Battalion, CEF. Alfred, commissioned as an officer, leads a charge into no man\'s land. The attack results in heavy casualties, and Alfred is wounded. While visiting Alfred in the field hospital, Tristan learns that Samuel has volunteered for a dangerous reconnaissance mission. He rushes off to protect his brother but arrives too late. A devastated Tristan holds Samuel until he dies, then cuts out his brother\'s heart and sends it home to be buried at the ranch. Tristan single-handedly raids the German lines. He returns to camp with the scalps of German soldiers hanging around his neck, horrifying his fellow soldiers. He is discharged but does not go home. Alfred returns to Montana and proposes to Susannah, but she declines.\nTristan returns home, where Susannah finds him weeping over Samuel\'s grave. She comforts him, and they become lovers. A jealous Alfred confronts Tristan and leaves to make his name in Helena. Tristan is plagued with guilt over Samuel\'s death and feels responsible for driving Alfred away; he leaves Montana for several years. Susannah waits for him, only to receive a letter telling her to marry someone else. Alfred comforts Susannah. Ludlow finds them together, which leads to a falling out between him and Alfred. Ludlow later suffers a stroke. He does not speak for years and the ranch deteriorates. Susannah marries Alfred, now a congressman. Alfred\'s business and politics cause him to get involved with the O\'Banion brothers, bootleggers and gangsters.\nTristan returns during Prohibition, bringing life back to the ranch and his father. He falls in love with Isabel Two and they marry. They have two children, the elder being a boy named Samuel. Tristan becomes involved in small-scale rum-running, finding himself at odds with the O\'Banion brothers. Isabel is accidentally killed by a police officer working for the O\'Banions. In a fit of grief, Tristan beats the officer nearly to death and is jailed. Susannah visits Tristan, still having feelings for him, but he refuses her advances. After his release, Tristan and Decker kill those responsible for Isabel\'s death, including one of the O\'Banion brothers.\nRealizing she cannot live without Tristan, Susannah commits suicide. The remaining O\'Banion brother, along with the corrupt sheriff, comes after Tristan for revenge. At the ranch, Ludlow and Alfred kill the attackers. Alfred reconciles with his father and brother. The family realizes that Tristan is likely to be blamed for the deaths, which prompts Tristan to ask Alfred to take care of his children. However, One Stab\'s narration explains that during the night they bury the bodies and dump the car in the Missouri River. One narrates that he always believed Tristan would die as a young man, but he instead he lives to watch his children and grandchildren grow. One Stab narrates that it was the people he loved and wanted to protect most that died young. The last scene takes place in 1963. Tristan, now an old man living in the North Country investigates an animal carcass as he is confronted by a grizzly bear. He draws his knife and fights it. As they struggle, the image freeze-frames as One Stab narrates; "It was a good death".', 'BM25': 57, 'Semantic': 4, 'rrf': 0.024172008547008548}), ('0', {'title': 'Grizzly Man', 'description': "Timothy Treadwell was an environmental activist and bear enthusiast who spent thirteen summers living among the grizzly bears of Alaska's Katmai National Park, believing that he could protect them from poachers and help the public understand these magnificent but dangerous creatures. Armed with a video camera, Treadwell documented his extraordinary and increasingly reckless interactions with wild grizzly bears, creating over 100 hours of footage that captured both the beauty and the inherent danger of his self-appointed mission. His passionate but naive belief that he could communicate with and be accepted by the bears led him to take increasingly dangerous risks, often approaching bears during their most aggressive periods and in situations that experienced wildlife experts considered suicidal.\n\nDirector Werner Herzog uses Treadwell's own footage, along with interviews with his friends, family, and wildlife experts, to create a complex portrait of a man whose love for bears became an obsession that ultimately consumed him. The documentary reveals Treadwell as a deeply troubled individual who struggled with alcoholism, failed acting career, and a desperate need to find meaning and purpose in his life. His annual pilgrimages to Alaska became both a form of self-imposed exile and a way to construct an identity as the bears' protector, despite the fact that the bears in Katmai National Park were already well-protected and his presence was actually illegal and potentially harmful to both the animals and other visitors.\n\nThe film builds toward the tragic conclusion that occurred in October 2003, when both Treadwell and his girlfriend Amie Huguenard were killed and partially consumed by a bear that Treadwell had nicknamed 'The Machine.' Herzog's masterful direction transforms what could have been a simple cautionary tale into a profound meditation on the relationship between humans and nature, the dangers of anthropomorphizing wild animals, and the thin line between passion and obsession. Through Treadwell's own words and footage, the documentary explores themes of mental illness, environmental activism, and the ultimate futility of trying to bridge the gap between human civilization and the wild, untamed world of nature.", 'BM25': 27, 'Semantic': 19, 'rrf': 0.024152480721664482})]